I don't want to hear your excuses.
Get in here and break this thief's hands.
Mom, Greta saved Caleb's life.
So what? It was just a transaction, wasn't it?
And I paid for all of his medical bills, didn't I?
I thought you said you felt guilty. That's why you helped us.
Guilty?
Look at you.
Do you think a janitor's daughter deserves my guilt?
I only kept you around for your blood.
You're just a walking blood bank.
Is this what it's like to be in a wealthy family?
No feelings, no value for anyone's life?
You low life talk about feelings.
Our feelings is something you'll never understand.
Break her hands and get her out.
Mom, Claire is coming home soon.
You know that she doesn't like bloody scenes.
Let's just not make a mess out of this.
Fine.
For the sake of Clara, I won't break her hands.
But get her out. I don't need a thief dirtying up my place.
Go, get out.
I'm just scared.
You know, get lost.
Hurry, go, before they kill.
Mr. Walker, the test results are in.
We found this, Claire.